Contribute the MechMerlin QMK Configurator docs (#4986)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/newbs.md

## Overview

There are 7 main sections to this guide:

* [Getting Started](newbs_getting_started.md)
* [Building Your First Firmware using the command line](newbs_building_firmware.md)

> * [Building Your First Firmware using the online GUI](newbs_building_firmware_configurator.md)

Reviewer: I'd prefer using the actual name.

```suggestion
* [Building Your First Firmware using the QMK Configurator](newbs_building_firmware_configurator.md)
```

Author: I will disagree here because people who would be interested in an online graphical tool would not know that it's called QMK Configurator.
